.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH GENI-REVOKE-MEMBER-PRIVILEGE 1 "April 6, 2015"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
geni-revoke-member-privilege \- remove privileges from a GENI user
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B geni-revoke-member-privilege
.IR -k \  KEY
.IR -c \  CERT
.IR -u \  URL
.IR -m \  MEMBER
.I \-\-lead
.br
.B geni-revoke-member-privilege
.IR -k \  KEY
.IR -c \  CERT
.IR -u \  URL
.IR -m \  MEMBER
.I \-\-operator
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B geni-revoke-member-privilege
removes privileges from GENI users. The first
form removes the
.I LEAD
(project lead) privilege from a user. This is the most
common use of the
.B geni-revoke-member-privilege
command.

The second form removes
.I OPERATOR
privileges to the user.
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the Info files.
.TP
.B \-c <certificate file>, \-\-certfile <certificate file>
The certificate of the invoking user
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-k <key file>, \-\-keyfile <key file>
The private key of the invoking user.
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-lead
Remove the LEAD privilege from the specified user.
.TP
.B \-m <UUID or username>, \-\-member <UUID or username>
Specifies the user whose privileges will be removed. Users can be
specified by their UUID or by their username.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-operator
Remove the OPERATOR privilege from the specified user.
.TP
.B \-u <base URL>, \-\-url <base URL>
Specify the base URL of the service endpoints. Specific services like
MA and SA are derived from this endpoint.
.SH EXAMPLES
Remove LEAD privilege from the user with username 'scott':

    geni-revoke-member-privilege -k key.pem -c cert.pem \\
          -u https://ch.example.com -m scott --lead


Remove LEAD privilege from the user identified by UUID:

    geni-revoke-member-privilege -k key.pem -c cert.pem \\
          -u https://ch.example.com \\
          -m 73d76c16-9231-58e8-9118-4d8f50676b37 --lead


Remove OPERATOR privilege from the user with username 'scott':

    geni-revoke-member-privilege -k key.pem -c cert.pem \\
          -u https://ch.example.com -m scott --operator

.SH BUGS
The use of a single base URL should be replaced by URLs for specific
services. The derivation of URLs is specific to the deployment of the
services, so may not work if admins deploy the services differently.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR geni-revoke-member-privilege (1).
.SH AUTHOR
geni-revoke-member-privilege was written by Raytheon BBN Technologies.
