.TH geni-delete-outside-cert 1 "September 3, 2015"
.SH NAME
geni-delete-outside-cert \- delete a GENI user's certificate
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B geni-delete-outside-cert
\-c signer-cert
\-k signer-key
\-l clearinghouse-url
\-m username
\-p database-password
.SH DESCRIPTION
Delete a GENI user's certificate. The outside certificate is one a user has
downloaded for use outside of the GENI portal. This command is generally used
as a fix for a damaged certificate or in the course of revoking a user's
certificate.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-c <signer certificate>, \-\-certfile <signer certificate>
The invoker's GENI certificate.
.TP
\-d <database name>
The name of the database holding the outside certificate table.
.TP
\-\-debug
Enable debugging output.
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
\-\-host
The name of the database host.
.TP
\-k <key file>, \-\-keyfile <key file>
The private key associated with the invoker's certificate.
.TP
\-l <URL>, \-\-url <URL>
The URL of the clearinghouse member authority
.TP
\-m <username>, \-\-member <username>
The username or UUID of the member whose certificate should be deleted.
.TP
\-p <password>, \-\-password <password>
The database password.
.TP
\-P <password file>, \-\-password-file <password file>
A file containing the database password. Use this instead of \-p for added
security.
.TP
\-u <database user>, \-\-user <database user>
The username to use when accessing the database.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Delete an outside certificate:

.B geni-delete-outside-cert -k <key file> -c <cert file>
    -l https://ch.geni.net/ -m <username>
.SH AUTHOR
geni-delete-outside-cert was written by Raytheon BBN Technologies.
.SH SEE ALSO
geni-revoke-member-certificate(1)
