.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH GENI-EXPIRING-CERTS 1 "April 11, 2014"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
geni-expiring-certs \- notify users of expiring certificates
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B geni-expiring-certs
.IR --days \  30,14,7
.
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B geni-expiring-certs
notifies users if their certificates will be expiring on one of the
specified days listed in the
.I --days
option. Email is sent to the member if they have a certificate
expiring on that day.
.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.B geni-expiring-certs
follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-c <conf file>, \-\-conf <conf file>
The chapi config file. Used for configured email addresses.
.TP
.B \-\-days days,days,days,...
A comma-separated list of days from now on which to report certificate
expirations. The default is 30 days (--days 30).
.TP
.B \-d <database> \-\-database <database>
The name of the database where member authority data is stored.
.TP
.B \-\-host <database host>
The database host. Defaults to 'localhost'.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options and their defaults.
.TP
.B \-u <database user>, \-\-user <database user>
The database username. The associated password is read from $HOME/.pgpass
.TP
.B \-\-debug
Display debugging messages.
.
.
.SH EXAMPLES
Notify users of expiring certificates 30, 14, and 7 days from now:

    geni-expiring-certs --days 30,14,7

Use an alternate config file:

    geni-expiring-certs --days 30,14,7 --conf /tmp/chapi.ini
.
.
.SH AUTHOR
geni-expiring-certs was written by Raytheon BBN Technologies.
