.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH GENI-LIST-MEMBER-PROJECTS 1 "July 9, 2014"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
geni-list-member-projects \- list project names and roles for a member
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B geni-list-member-projects
.IR -k \  KEY
.IR -c \  CERT
.IR -u \  URL
.IR -m \  MEMBER
.IR [--expired]
.
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B geni-list-member-projects
lists role and project name for each active (not expired) project of which
.B MEMBER
is a member. Optionally,
.B geni-list-member-projects
will also list expired projects of which
.B MEMBER
is a member.
.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.B geni-list-member-projects
follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-c <certificate file>, \-\-certfile <certificate file>
The signing certificate.
.TP
.B \-e, \-\-expired
Display expired projects in addition to active projects.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-k <key file>, \-\-keyfile <key file>
The private key matching the signing certificate.
.TP
.B \-m <UUID or username>, \-\-member <UUID or username>
Specifies the user whose projects will be listed. Users can be
specified by their UUID or by their username.
.TP
.B \-u <base URL>, \-\-url <base URL>
Specify the base URL of the service endpoints. Specific services like
MA and SA are derived from this endpoint.
.
.
.SH EXAMPLES
Display projects for the user with username `scott':

    geni-list-member-projects -k key.pem -c cert.pem \\
          -u https://ch.example.com -m scott


Include expired projects for the user with username `scott':

    geni-list-member-projects -k key.pem -c cert.pem \\
          -u https://ch.example.com -e -m scott
.
.
.SH AUTHOR
geni-list-member-projects was written by Raytheon BBN Technologies.
